hey everybody this is aaron here from
giga titan and we have a new pokemon
Wi-Fi match to to the one to the five
yeah but first of all yes this is not a
d/s battle and right now i'm going to be
in the process of transferring over my
pokemon heartgold so i can use the
battle recorder so that's will come
later but for now we have a PBR match
and it's still pokemon match nonetheless
but this is one of my brother's newest
teams and he created it all by itself
and its really cool it's like a
retaliation team it has its a mix of
some under used in some overused pokemon
it's gyarados and totally overused so
but that's okay it's still a cool team
though it's good for random Wi-Fi and as
you can see the gyarados takes out that
needle king pretty easily and we're
using a combo like fake out and stuff
and ok so this bride chuys is volt
tackle and it does a ridiculous amount
of damage but this gyarados has a focus
sash I don't know that's not totally
originally x not yet but the cool part
about him is that he has flail and we
specifically have that on there just so
when they use an electric attack that
it's going to lower down to like no HP
and then you can use flail to retaliate
and but unfortunately though absol also
as a focus sash and tiara dose gets
knocked out but it is a ridiculous
amount of damage and it knocks out it
almost knocks out absol and then I used
mirror coat because I was expecting a
discharge but this is a retaliation kind
of team it's kind of a thing I haven't
really seen much so it's pretty cool so
lop bunny uses flail now it doesn't
matter how much damage it does because
absolutely has one HP and you know
you're going to do that anyways guapa
neighs only attacking move actually is
flail and because it also has a focus
sash but we're thinking of replacing
within do or later and giving it a
powerup very to make it even stronger
but it's really fast so it can get off
its flail attack quickly and bull toggle
doesn't do quite enough there and right
you you know doesn't take out much of La
funny HP but I see that wat funny
actually resisted the attack pretty well
which is kind of cool
and so cherrim uh basically sets up a
sunny day and so now it's like you know
outs and abouts is happy and like
dancing around like you know it's hot
stuff and so they sent on a gardevoir
and so this is pretty much wrapping it
up here we just finish it off with or I
do I was playing at this time my brother
didn't know we just use a combo of I
said it again didn't I who did it again
yeah you know you know that song I think
so that is pretty much it for this
battle we take out Gardevoir with an
awesome solar beam which is really
powerful so i just want to show you what
my brother is working on I think it's a
really cool team but i'll have more
battle to this team later des battles
coming soon to a theater near you well
unless you don't live near one be sure
to follow our blog to get the latest
updates from us as well as other news
see you guys there